  Privacy Policy

    We operates the [Your Facebook Application Name] Facebook application (the "Application").

    This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Application and the choices you have associated with that data.

    We use your data to provide and improve the Application. By using the Application, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.

    Information Collection and Use

    We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Application to you.

    Types of Data Collected

    Personal Data

    While using our Application, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

    Facebook account information (name, email, etc.)
    Usage Data
    Usage Data

    We may also collect information how the Application is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Application that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

    Tracking & Cookies Data

    We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Application and hold certain information.

    Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Application.

    You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Application.

    Examples of Cookies we use:

    Session Cookies: We use Session Cookies to operate our Application.
    Preference Cookies: We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
    Security Cookies: We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
    Use of Data

    We use the collected data for various purposes:

    To provide and maintain the Application
    To notify you about changes to our Application
    To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Application when you choose to do so
    To provide customer care and support
    To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Application
    To monitor the usage of the Application
    To detect, prevent and address technical issues
    Transfer Of Data

    Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.

    If you are located outside Israel and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Israel and process it there.

    Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

    Megabee will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.

    Disclosure Of Data

    Legal Requirements
